---
layout: post
title: "en route to Japan"
categories: Japan
---

I originally planned for my usual east/west Japan itinerary but as I was adding Takayama and Kanazawa to my "next time in Japan" wishlist (that's how cracked out I am I'll be making a next next trip wishlist before even leaving for this one) I realized that this was as a good a chance to go for it.

So I did. A month ago in December I swapped a bunch of trains and stays and now I'm doing Yokohama -> Nagoya -> Takayama -> Kanazawa -> Nagano -> Tokyo. Five new cities and with them five new prefectures. As much as I love Onomichi I'm proud of myself for letting go and going somewhere new especially since I can't even run the Shimanami Kaido like I would normally.

Yokohama is basically a post flight short stop. Get in, eat dinner, go to sleep, head out the next morning. This trip I'm going to try to do my runs on my travel days. Will make things a bit hurried but will get to recover from the run while I'm sitting on the train. Won't risk too many daily steps either with a full day of exploring. Anyways I should be able to run to the waterfront and back and see what that's like.

Shinkansen to Nagoya. Very glad I did the Yokohama buffer night and shinkansens instead of flights so I don't need to worry about my flight being an hour behind. Looking forward to regional Nagoya foods: miso katsu, ogura toast, hitsumabushi, chicken wings, flat udon. And maybe a Toyota car museum visit. Over the last year I got into figuring out nicer clothes and outfits (I don't think I can call it "fashion" yet haha) so trying to visit some select shops and 古着屋 for some second hand clothes shopping too.

Next stop is Takayama but I'm looking forward to the JR Hida train ride there as much as the place itself. Hoping I get to see a lot of snowy mountain views. Reminds me of Kawabata's Snow Country in my Novel Lit class and the other students absolutely mispronouncing Shimamura's name in every way possible. Some dude said "shami shura" actually hilarious. Snow Country takes place in Yuzawa near Niigata though - maybe that will be my next trip. Dang that was such a good class. Loved Snow Country by Kawabata, North by Seamus Heaney, and Death and the Kings Horseman by Soyinka (there's a BBC radio version of this out there that is incredible, voice acting is superb). I think we also did Waiting for Godot which is a personal favorite and it was fun to revisit that post highschool.

Anyways in Takayama I will try some Hida beef skewers, maybe go to a sento (public bath) for the first time. I have been to and enjoyed public baths before - senior year of high school we went to the Korean King Spa in the Chicago suburbs a whole bunch of times (we were annoying back then and Ray Lee, Sunny, Jesse, idk who else and me would gossip in the sauna rooms and old Russian men would tell us off, justifiably), a Turkish bathhouse in Bursa (that mineral water smelled incredible and the scrub and soap pillow thing as well, plus an overnight Korean spa in Seoul that Austin and I did the night before our flight. I think this will more or less the same thing.

From Takayama I'll take the bus to Kanazawa with an optional midpoint stop at Shirakawa Go. That's the little town with the big thatched roof traditional houses. At the very least I can get out for an hour break walking around and then get back on.

I am actually very excited for Kanazawa. I'm getting a sense of Kyoto elements (well preserved districts, Kenrokuen gardens) but less crowded though of course still touristy. Mostly have regional foods I want to try: nodoguro (喉黒 , literally "black throat" sea perch that is supposed to be super fatty and delicious), Kanazawa curry laboratory, and just sushi in general. Debating a fancy omakase restaurant reservation but I don't know. I currently only brought a hoodie with me and I don't want to roll up in that. Or commit to a three hour meal though that could be memorable in the end. Oh, the Origami dripper creator has a cafe here, Trunk Coffee so of course I'll go there.

My last new place will be Nagano though I only have one night. I could go to the snow monkey onsen in the mountains but unless I get my clothes shopping done in Nagoya I actually really want to go to this select shop called refalt which has a super well stocked orSlow selection including the 105 "short length" version.

Last two nights are in Tokyo where it's basically just materialism time. I'm missing Yotsuba&I volumes 1-4, 7, and 10-15 so I'll try to get.. all of them if I can fit them haha. Though I can get those in the US too so not the highest priority. I also want to just visit some fun stores and possibly get stuff: nishiguchi kutsushita 🧦, Hitohira for tetsujin hamono 🔪, style department for still by hand (one of my favorite Japanese clothing brands, I love their ethos of "unique enough, and yet basic"), some running stores to see if I can find another Tannuki running big T shirt. But I'm trying to tell myself that I could literally go back home with 0 new items and be perfectly happy. But it's also ok to buy things haha, I don't know, it's not that deep.

So that's about it and I still have I don't know 10 more hours of this flight though I am fortunate enough to have a whole window row to myself and being 5'4" I can lie down pretty comfortably on my side. Just like doom scrolling in bed when it's cold and you have to tuck your legs up close to your core.

As for my next trip, I think I have to go back to Onomichi. Yoshi-san expanded Pour into a larger space in the shotengai so I have to talk to him. And hopefully I am healthy enough to do a long long run on the Shimanami Kaido again. Maybe include a flight to Northern Japan or idk Turkey en route...

