---
layout: post
title: rain
categories: blog
---

Raining today to end yet another heat wave of ~100F days. Still no building key but at least it's easier to wait outside the front door when it's 60s and 70s then 97.

Ok I think I have three problems right now: (1) running recovery (2) building key and (3) new car in that order.

New car is important but not crucial since we don't need it this month and don't need it that much after now that Miche is done with all the giant commutes to Lynn or months in Western Mass or Cape Cod. And for getting into Boston from Shrewsbury I can take the bus or run when I heal up.

Building key. Miche called maintenance yesterday and left a message - hoping they fix the front door touch screen unlocking mechanism or give us a new physical key. Ideally both but just one of those would already make a huge difference vs. waiting outside for up to 10 minutes for someone to leave or enter the building. 

And then running recovery. So yesterday I was able to walk in my Novablast 5s with Pulkit all along the whole Comm Ave walking path and in and around the public garden no problem. Felt ok, if not almost good. Walking back started to hit some limit and felt noticeable discomfort, approaching Fukuoka / Philly but not as sharp. Glad I brought my sandals to change into for the walk back. Not having the extra top-of-shoe contact felt nice. 

So what do we do about the running recovery?

Well first off don't run. Today is rest day #9. Keep extending that. Keep doing PT every day, getting lots of rest and calcium or whatever. Wear your watch and limit steps to <10,000. 

Right now I'm having a good time just chilling at home here listening to radiko and doing Japanese practice. We can go to Pulkit's after. And then Linger either today or tomorrow. No big deal what order, what day.

---

10:41

Ended up spending the morning in. Just enjoying radiko and tea and a nice overcast sorta rainy day. We'll go to Pulkit's soon. Dinner with Miche and Konya. And then I'll go to Linger tomorrow. 

Being content with a simple morning. It's a nice feeling. 

Currently at 1412 kanji + just starting page 31 / chapter 2 of sisters in yellow.
